DOCS-466: Query profiler settings docs (#7860)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/settings.md

Default value: 0.

## query_profiler_real_time_period_ns {#query_profiler_real_time_period_ns}

Sets the period for a real clock timer of the query profiler. Real clock timer counts wall-clock time.

Possible values:

> - Positive integer number of nanoseconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Positive integer number, in nanoseconds.
```

    Recommended values:
        

>         - 10000000 (100 times a second) nanosecods and more for for single queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - 10000000 (100 times a second) nanoseconds and less for single queries.
```

        - 1000000000 (once a second) for cluster-wide profiling.

- 0 for turning off the timer.

Type: [UInt64](../../data_types/int_uint.md).

> Default value: 1000000000 nanoseconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default value: 1000000000 nanoseconds (once a second).
```

**See Also**

- [system.trace_log](../system_tables.md#system_tables-trace_log)

## query_profiler_cpu_time_period_ns {#query_profiler_cpu_time_period_ns}

> Sets the period for a CPU clock timer of the query profiler. Real clock timer counts CPU time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the period for a CPU clock timer of the query profiler. This timer counts only CPU time.
```
